**SquidAPI 1.0.5**
    Added a config option to set the max potion id.
    Added a config option to remove the FML/Forge/Optifine brandings from the main menu.
    Added a config option to add a custom branding to the main menu.
    Added an "/about modid" command, which shows the description, version and url of the mod.
    Overhauled the ReflectionHelper.
    Simplified the process of adding mod metadata.
    Added a hashing method.
    Added a StringParser class.
    ContentRemover now allows for removal of recipes, enchantments, potions, fishes (fishing), junk (fishing), treasure (fishing), dungeon mobs, chest items and villager professions.
    Overhauled the logger.
    Added a VillageHelper.
    Added a PotionHelper.
    The LogHelper now logs to logs/SquidAPI.log and the Forge log.
    Added a FishingHelper.
    Added an EnchantmentHelper.
    Added a "findFreeId" method to the BiomeHelper.
    Replaced most reflection by access transformers.
    Added IdException.
    Added a "/SquidAPI togglesuperspeed" command. Deobfuscated environments only.
    Added a "setUrl" method to ChatMessage.
    Simplified and minimized the BlockBasic class.

**SquidUtils 1.1.8**
    **Scripting:**
    Added "potion remove ID".
    Added "enchantment remove ID".
    Added "biome remove ID". (may not work)
    Added "fish remove modid:item".
    Added "junk remove modid:item".
    Added "treasure remove modid:item".
    Added "dungeonmob remove ENTITYNAME".
    Added "chestgen remove chestname;modid:item".
    Added "villager remove ID".
    Added "compat rotarycraft add grinding modid:item modid:item".
    Added "compat rotarycraft add worktable modid:item modid:item".
    Added "compat rotarycraft add compactor modid:item modid:item pressure temperature".
    Added "compat thermalexpansion add pulverizer modid:item;amount modid:item;amount modid:item;amount SECONDARYCHANCE ENERGY".
    Updated the ScriptingAPI.
    **Other**:
    Added config option to explode Minecarts with TNT whenever they collide with an entity.
    Added config option to set a world border (experimental, might lag).
    Added optional RotaryCraft and Thermal Expansion dependencies.
    The LogHelper now logs to logs/SquidAPI.log and the Forge log.
    The ScriptHandler now runs in the postinit for certain commands.
    Removed "command create user ..."

**SafeChat 1.0.3**
    Bug fixes.

**StarStones 1.0.3**
    Bug fixes.
